Todos.md, before:

todos:
- [x] dont show souce when viewer is selected
- [x] fix transparent components showing under window
- [x] make it so highlight of dropdown elements is more accurate
- [x] fix crash port already in use when re-starting stream
- [x] dont log for each instead lof found N sources
- [x] make the dropdown follow styles of the rest of the app
- [x] center the ui components (robustly using Render_GetTextWidth)
- [x] make the app have a desktop titlebar (use os not ourself in opengl)
- [x] remove fake audio sources 
- [x] refresh audio sources on dropdown click (optimized for efficiency)
- [x] some app can have multiple audio sources (firefox) is there a better way to handle this? (query metedata or index maybe)
- [x] change mouse cursor based on what is selected/hovered (make sure to not overwhelm the OS, we are a immediate mode ui so do what is best for this scenario)
- [x] allow pasting of ip address
- [x] allow advanced editing in input box (ctrl + delete, holding delete, holding a key to input)
- [ ] add a way for the user to copy is public ip address to give to another user to connect accross the internet
- [ ] rename default system audio to all system audio
- [ ] ajust the character 'r' of the font. the top part of the r is cur (more in the top left of the then the right)
- [ ] refactor the ui_simple.c extract components avoid computing size in each, create base widget components and compose them to create complex widgets
- [ ] add arena and update malloc/etc usages (if any) to use that global arena or the scoped arena

Commit message:

feat: Introduce comprehensive UI styling constants and helper functions, and apply them to dropdown rendering with scrollbar support.

Todos.md, after:

todos:
- [x] dont show souce when viewer is selected
- [x] fix transparent components showing under window
- [x] make it so highlight of dropdown elements is more accurate
- [x] fix crash port already in use when re-starting stream
- [x] dont log for each instead lof found N sources
- [x] make the dropdown follow styles of the rest of the app
- [x] center the ui components (robustly using Render_GetTextWidth)
- [x] make the app have a desktop titlebar (use os not ourself in opengl)
- [x] remove fake audio sources 
- [x] refresh audio sources on dropdown click (optimized for efficiency)
- [x] some app can have multiple audio sources (firefox) is there a better way to handle this? (query metedata or index maybe)
- [x] change mouse cursor based on what is selected/hovered (make sure to not overwhelm the OS, we are a immediate mode ui so do what is best for this scenario)
- [x] allow pasting of ip address
- [x] allow advanced editing in input box (ctrl + delete, holding delete, holding a key to input)
- [x] add a way for the user to copy is public ip address to give to another user to connect accross the internet
- [x] rename default system audio to all system audio
- [x] ajust the character 'r' of the font. the top part of the r is cur (more in the top left of the then the right)
- [x] fix dropdown text elements overflowing the dropdown
- [x] refactor the ui_simple.c extract components avoid computing size in each, create base widget components and compose them to create complex widgets
- [x] fix warnings when compiling
- [ ] add arena and update malloc/etc usages (if any) to use that global arena or the scoped arena
- [ ]  show the ip address should be centered with or without showing the public ip (and with the copy btn)
